add limitations for s3 connector (#151)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/data-connectors/s3.md

- from: s3://spiceai-demo-datasets/taxi_trips/2024/
  name: taxi_trips
```

## Limitations

> - No support yet for discovering nested directories in S3. Please ensure that the parquet files are in the root of the specified S3 path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatic discovery of nested paths are not yet supported. Only Parquet files in the root of the endpoint path will be loaded.
```

> - Spice.ai only supports S3 authentication using `aws_access_key_id` and `aws_secret_access_key`. Please [submit an issue](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/issues/new?template=feature_request.md) if you would like to see support for other authentication methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only S3 authentication using `aws_access_key_id` and `aws_secret_access_key` is currently supported. Please [submit an issue](https://github.com/spiceai/spiceai/issues/new?template=feature_request.md) if you would like to see support for other authentication methods.
```
